[Music]
bringing viewers
Eric our guy here back again with
another tool review video for you this
one's a little bit different this time
I'm not introducing any new tools to you
but I'm going back over the tools that
I've reviewed over the past few months
to basically report my progress and see
if my opinions of those tools have
changed and on some of them may have and
on some of them they haven't so why
don't we get started with the first
thing that I reviewed which was this
ACDelco I gotta say I'm impressed I have
not had any issues with this gun
whatsoever
it works well it's it holds up well it's
it does what it's supposed to do in fact
you probably see me use it in several
videos so I was a little bit skeptical
skeptical about ACDelco to start with
but since I've been using it and I've
got to say I I like it I like it I'm
happy with it I
I had a snap-on version of one of these
that might be a little bit smaller but
you know what I like the serviceability
the brushes on this I like this tool
very much as long as we're on the
subject of impacts why don't we talk
about the 18-volt the wall since I got
the 18-volt I'm much happier I don't
have the 12 volt here I sent that one
back I wasn't really happy with the
performance of the 12 volt there was a
lot of contention about whether or not
the 12 volt tool that I got was
defective because it really couldn't do
all that much we'll never know because I
I never I never presented it that way I
just went and got this 18 volt I do have
a regret however and that regret is not
going for the 20 volt version of this
same gun so if you're thinking about
doing this you might consider the 20
volt
well it's let's just say that in our
experience with these types of tools it
seems that the more voltage the better
so a couple more volts that may be
something to definitely consider and
also I the tool is balanced but this
this giant battery on the bottom of this
thing has always been sort of a
contention of mine next up the tight
reach tools these actually you seem to
really enjoy this review I haven't
really had too much cause to use these
lately but but I am looking forward to
opportunities when I can use them
I am gonna gonna use them into those
tight spaces I almost almost forget that
they're in there sometimes but these
tight reach tools it's an interesting
concept that I'm looking forward to
trying it more many of you asked if I
could open this up and you could see
what's inside was actually specifically
requested that I not do that so if you
want to see what's inside these you
gotta go buy some for yourself
next up diamond grip gloves they have
been using these for years and years and
years the review that I did was spot-on
I mean it covers it I I use these
however there are several other options
that are out there
these are latex gloves if you have a
latex allergy you don't want to get
latex gloves they have other options for
you in that case choose what works for
you this is what works for me and you
know a lot of lot of you guys like have
a problem with me using gloves
especially since I say things like stay
dirty beat me up all you like
next the slime inflator this I honestly
haven't used it since I got it which is
a good thing it means I haven't had a
flat along the side of the road I was
able to do stuff here at the shop but
this guy I I liked it it once again was
a tool that seemed to do what it said
it's supposed to do it's handy sits in
the back of the element now waiting for
a day when either I or somebody else
might need it
I don't have too much to add on this
inflator I know I'm gonna get some use
out of this because I found out that my
Fairmont has a compression fitting on
the brake lines so I know I'm gonna get
some use out of this one so I'm real
happy to to have this tool and I'm
excited to be able to use it in a
upcoming project but this tool I always
love this tool I wanted one of these for
a really long time once I discovered
them but they were out there fantastic
now we get to the last to the act Ron
you scan this was a very recent review
of mine and might even been a last
review that you saw this so actually has
some more capabilities I found out that
it does have the SRS capabilities in
addition to those ABS capabilities but
the one thing that holds me back on this
I didn't like was everything is an app
purchase so if you want the live
streaming in the end that the bar graphs
and all that stuff that's an extra cost
if you want abs that's extra if you want
the code hints that's extra if you want
SRS that's extra so by the time you get
done investing in this tool you could
have bought a pretty decent like regular
scanner so the and the only difference
would be is this one's bluetooth also
updatable through the app that's kind of
nice you know cuz new vehicles come out
all the time it's nice to have something
that's updatable but many many many many
of you brought up the application torque
that you use with other devices
that may be the solution for you if
you're looking for the cheapest or most
affordable solution that may be the
solution this I heard in my glove box
it's it's kind of nice if I get a check
engine light the pops out in my car or
somebody else's car just to quickly just
check it with us so that's that's kind
of a nice kind of deal you know to be
able to do that and now we get to get
rich I'm gonna say that this is probably
this is actually one of the main reasons
I did this review I have come to not
like these so much I'm not going to say
because they're made in China but I will
say that using these tools in practice
has become light you can see it right
there
especially on this fourteen millimeter
the minute you go to put torque on the
on the wrench there are times when it
will suddenly change direction and flip
back the other way and I've got to tell
you this is extremely frustrating when
you're trying to use these tools now I
haven't used them much and part of the
reason is is because when I started
using them this started there it just
happened again and that is really really
frustrating now gearwrench does make a
different type that does not have the
the switch on the wrench maybe those
work better but I've got to be honest I
am I'm not happy with these I wish I
wish I've got a different type there are
other people that make these this type
of tool gearwrench has the name patent
and obviously I've seen better things
made from gearwrench this one
unfortunately as I said you put a little
bit of torque on it it changes direction
and you're trying to loosen something
and all of a sudden you're tightening it
that's alright well that covers them as
I said really happy with most of this
stuff
the only thing I'm not so happy with his
gear edge and many of you pointed out
there are more affordable solutions to
the actor on you scam it's not a bad
tool it does what it says and it's got
actually it's a very capable tool for
what you get I mean having this really
small package in your smartphone that's
that's a lot of stuff you get in a
little bit of space but everything else
as I said I'm really happy with that
stuff it's just the gear wrenches is
kind of why why I did this video but I
wanted to revisit this stuff I'll put
links in the description to all these
tools and their reviews in fact I might
just do that I might just post links to
their reviews which have links to the
actual tool so you'd be able to see more
information should you be interested but
that about wraps it up for me here in
this tool review review but I just I
just wanted to catch you guys up to
speed and I may do this periodically
with some of the tools that I review
because as you use them opinions may
change gear wrenches example that hey if
you have automotive questions I would
ask that you head over to Eric the car
guy comm and check out the welcome video
there that will introduce you to all the
wonderful features we have a tear at the
car guy calm to help you with your
automotive issues should you have them
if you wish to connect with me socially
I can be found on Google Plus Facebook
and Twitter and I close each of my
videos with be safe have fun stay dirty
and play with your tools I'll see you
next time